Updating and expansion of README documentation for PBJ. (#412)
hashgraph/pbj: pbj-core/pbj-compiler/README.md

# PBJ Protobuf Schema Compiler Gradle Plugin

A Gradle plugin that compiles protobuf schema files into Java model objects, codecs, and unit tests. The plugin takes 
all `.proto` schema files in a project in the `src/main/proto` directory and generates Java code in the 
`build/generated.source/pbj-proto` directory. The generated code is then compiled and tested as part of the project 
build.

## Usage

### Apply the plugin
Add the following to your `build.gradle` file to apply the plugin:

```kotlin
plugins {
    id("com.hedera.pbj.pbj-compiler")
}
```

### Configure the plugin
The plugin has the following configuration of included src directories:

```kotlin
sourceSets {
    main {
        pbj {
            srcDir(...)
        }
    }
}
```

## Build Libraries

> Running `gradle build` in `pbj-core` directory will build the libraries for compiler, runtime and produce 

Reviewer: Consistency
```suggestion
Running `gradle build` in `pbj-core` directory will build the libraries for compiler and runtime to produce 
```

`hedera.pbj-compiler.gradle.plugin-VERSION.jar`

## Records vs Classes
The generated model objects are Java Classes, they used to be Java Records. This is a very tough decision and there are 

> many tread offs. The main reason for the change is that Java Records have no way to have lazy computed final fields. We

Reviewer: Spelling
```suggestion
many tradeoffs. The main reason for the change is that Java Records have no way to have lazy computed final fields. We
```

> many tread offs. The main reason for the change is that Java Records have no way to have lazy computed final fields. We

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
many trade-offs. The main reason for the change is that Java Records have no way to have lazy computed final fields. We
```

> need to lazy compute and cache the hashCode() and protobufSize() values otherwise the performance impact is huge. In 
> hiero use cases not all model objects will have hashCode or protobufSize called on them so we need to avoid the cost of 
> computing if not needed. Also, it really hurts to compute in constructor and store in a final field as the thread that 
> constructs the model object is performance critical and these costs can be paid for on background threads. When we get 
> to Java versions with support for "[JEP 401: Value Classes and Objects](https://openjdk.org/jeps/401)" we will have to 
> review this decision as it maybe be better performance to compute in constructor so model objects can be value objects 
> and exist on stack rather than heap. It is also possible there will be a heuristic to choose which classes are one way 
> or the other, or we have to add an option in schema to choose on message by message basis. 

Reviewer: Grammar and spelling
```suggestion
need to lazy compute and cache the hashCode() and protobufSize() values, otherwise the performance impact is huge. In
hiero use cases, not all model objects will have hashCode or protobufSize called on them so we need to avoid the cost of
computing if not needed. Also, it is very costly to compute values in the constructor and store them in a final field as the thread that
constructs the model object is performance critical; these costs can be moved to background threads with lazy compute. When we get
to Java versions with support for "[JEP 401: Value Classes and Objects](https://openjdk.org/jeps/401)" we will need to
review this decision. It may be better performance to compute in the constructor then so that model objects can be value objects
and exist on stack rather than heap. It is also possible there will be a heuristic to choose which classes are processed one way
or the other. Alternatively, we may add an option in schema to choose the implementation on a message-by-message basis.
```
